When the menace known as the Joker wreaks havoc and chaos on the people of Gotham, Batman must accept one of the greatest psychological and physical tests of his ability to fight injustice.
Set within a year after the events of Batman Begins (2005), Batman, Lieutenant James Gordon, and new District Attorney Harvey Dent successfully begin to round up the criminals that plague Gotham City, until a mysterious and sadistic criminal mastermind known only as "The Joker" appears in Gotham, creating a new wave of chaos. Batman's struggle against The Joker becomes deeply personal, forcing him to "confront everything he believes" and improve his technology to stop him. A love triangle develops between Bruce Wayne, Dent, and Rachel Dawes.
The follow-up to Batman Begins (2005), this movie reunites Writer, Producer, and Director Christopher Nolan and Christian Bale, who reprises the role of Batman/Bruce Wayne in his continuing war on crime. With the help of Lieutenant James Gordon and District Attorney Harvey Dent, Batman sets out to destroy organized crime in Gotham for good. The triumvirate proves to be effective. But soon the three find themselves prey to a rising criminal mastermind known as "The Joker", who thrusts Gotham into anarchy and forces Batman closer to crossing the fine line between hero and vigilante.
Gotham's new District Attorney has been elected. His name is Harvey Dent, and he has a radical new agenda that threatens to take down Gotham's organized crime underworld once and for all with an iron fist. But the emergence of the rogue vigilante known as Batman has caused problems for Dent and his agenda. A new criminal mastermind known only as "The Joker" has arrived and aims to take Gotham out from under Harvey Dent's iron fist. The Joker stages a masterfully planned bank robbery and robs the Gotham mob blind. He uses this money to stage a series of horrific and strategic attacks against the city and its people, each one carefully planned and aimed at Dent and Batman, while causing the rest of the city to enter panic mode. Meanwhile, Batman thinks he might have found a lead to The Joker thanks to Wayne Enterprises' dealings with a shady Chinese banker, and that takes Batman and Alfred to Hong Kong. The Joker has no rules, but Batman has only one, and the Joker aims to make Batman break his only rule. But who will be the one to take him out, will it be rogue vigilante Batman, or will it be elected official Harvey Dent, the new hero with a face?
One year after the events of Batman Begins (2008), Batman, Lieutenant James Gordon, and District Attorney Harvey Dent plan to launch an attack on the mob by arresting the shady accountant of the mob, Lau. Lau is abducted from his building by Batman and is thrown into jail. Lau divulges the secrets which results in almost all the mob bosses thrown in jail. The desperate mob bosses turn to The Joker, a sadistic psychopath with green hair, completely yellow teeth, and a custom purple suit. The Joker kills a judge, the Police Commissioner, and tries to kill the Mayor and Harvey. The acts of The Joker produces anarchy and chaos in the people of Gotham, forcing Batman to come to terms to which may seem to be his greatest test to fight injustice and come closer to the fine line between hero and vigilante.
With the help of allies Lieutenant James Gordon and District Attorney Harvey Dent, Batman has been able to keep a tight lid on crime in Gotham City. But when a vile young criminal calling himself "The Joker" suddenly throws the city into chaos, the Caped Crusader begins to tread a fine line between heroism and vigilantism.
